❤️ I do not force or entice anyone to buy NCT Cryptobot. With gambling nothing is absolute. Gambling always has risk and luck. Have winning and have losing. NCT Cryptobot is just a software that automates betting strategies without having to place bets manually. But if you follow all my instructions exactly you will be profitable and minimize the risk of loss. After you have purchased my bot, i will support for you: How to run my bot? How to setting? How to maximize profits and minimize risks? The best strategy for "WAGERED", for "MINING" and for upgrade your ACCOUNT LEVEL. And then YOU CAN RUN 24/7, 365 DAYS to maximize profits. YOU CAN MAKE MONEY WHILE YOU SLEEP. So...buy or not, THE ULTIMATE DECISION IS UP TO YOU. VERY CLEAR. RIGHT?👍

❤️ Don't ask questions like how much profit? never to lose? How risky?...Those are all thoughtless questions. Why? Because with gambling nothing is absolute. Gambling always has risk and luck. Have winning and have losing. NCT Cryptobot is just a software that automates betting strategies without having to place bets manually. But if you follow all my instructions exactly you will be profitable and minimize the risk of loss. After you have purchased my bot, i will support for you: How to run my bot? How to setting? How to maximize profits and minimize risks? The best strategy for "WAGERED", for "MINING" and for upgrade your ACCOUNT LEVEL. And then YOU CAN RUN 24/7, 365 DAYS to maximize profits. YOU CAN MAKE MONEY WHILE YOU SLEEP. So...buy or not, THE ULTIMATE DECISION IS UP TO YOU. VERY CLEAR. RIGHT?👍

❤️ Please check my website: www.ncttechnology.net, my video: www.youtube.com/c/NCTDicebot/videos, my Telegram channel: t.me/NCTCryptobot_Channel to know: How does NCT Cryptobot work? How much profit? feedback and reviews from buyers. From there, buy or not THE ULTIMATE DECISION IS UP TO YOU. VERY CLEAR. RIGHT?👍

❤️ It is very difficult to lose if you follow all my instructions exactly. After you have purchased my bot, i will support for you: How to run my bot? How to setting? How to maximize profits and minimize risks? The best strategy for "WAGERED", for "MINING" and for upgrade your ACCOUNT LEVEL. And then YOU CAN RUN 24/7, 365 DAYS to maximize profits. YOU CAN MAKE MONEY WHILE YOU SLEEP.

❤️ I sent same bot, same script, same instructions to all my buyers. Other buyers won but you lost. So...Please check your strategy, your setting. NCT Cryptobot is just a software that automates betting strategies without having to place bets manually. Win or lose is because of you, your strategy, your setting.




👉 Because i meet a lot of customers like you. They use their limbs and mouth faster than their eyes, ears and brain. I sent very detailed instructions to them, they just need to carefully read each line, think and follow but they don't do so, they don't read or they read in a sloppy, superficial, do not think carefully ... and of course they can't run my bot or can't use my bot effectively. They came back to ask me a lot... even though everything they asked was in my TUTORIAL: https://www.ncttechnology.net/help.html. Blame me for bad support.😢

👉 Why is that? Why not carefully read each line, think and follow my TUTORIAL: https://www.ncttechnology.net/help.html before asking?😢

👉 PLEASE use your eyes, ears, and brain more than your hands, feet, and mouth.👍


👉 Profit of about 10% per day is safe. It's a lot higher than bank savings deposits or stock investments. I have met a lot of people like that, they don't follow my instructions... They are greedy, they want higher profits, faster...of course they lost and then they tried to FIND WAYS TO BLAME MY BOT. So...DON'T BE GREEDY, IF NOT YOU'LL LOSE ALL YOUR BALANCE and then YOU'LL FIND WAYS TO BLAME MY BOT👍


👉 A lot of people bought my bot - NCT Cryptobot and won with high profits. That's why I always confidently declare that NCT Cryptobot is the best, most advanced betting bot 🏆 You cannot find any professional bot and more features than NCT Cryptobot: www.ncttechnology.net

👉 You can pay with Paypal or with over 50 cryptocurrency: BTC, BCH, ETH, LTC, ETC, DOGE, XLM, XRP, TRX, USDT... directly on my website: www.ncttechnology.net/#pricing. After you have completed the payment and I have received enough money from you. I will send latest NCT Cryptobot, NCT Cryptobot Script and a license for you to activate full NCT Cryptobot. After you activate the full version, you can use the full features of NCT Cryptobot: NCT Strategy, Advanced Mode, Programmer Mode, Script Store (hundreds of free Lua scripts) and over 25 dice sites (supports all cryptocurrencies). I will also support and update latest script every day for you. I will help you How to run my bot? How to setting? How to maximize profits and minimize risks? YOU CAN RUN 24/7, 365 DAYS to maximize profits. The best strategy for "WAGERED", for "MINING" and for upgrade your ACCOUNT LEVEL. YOU CAN MAKE MONEY WHILE YOU SLEEP


✅ NOTE: Buy more days the price is cheaper...even very cheap. Check my webiste to know: www.ncttechnology.net/#pricing

✅ NOTE: 40 Premium Lua script, fast profit only bonus for lifetime license(150$, 250$ and 500$). After you have purchased a lifetime license, i will bonus 40 Premium Lua script, fast profit for you.


👉 You can pay with Paypal or with over 50 cryptocurrency: BTC, BCH, ETH, LTC, ETC, DOGE, XLM, XRP, TRX, USDT... directly on my website: www.ncttechnology.net/#pricing. After you have completed the payment and I have received enough money from you. I will send latest NCT Cryptobot, NCT Cryptobot Script, 40 Premium Lua script, fast profit and a license for you to activate full NCT Cryptobot. After you activate the full version, you can use the full features of NCT Cryptobot: NCT Strategy, Advanced Mode, Programmer Mode, Script Store (hundreds of free Lua scripts) and over 25 dice sites (supports all cryptocurrencies). I will also support and update latest script every day for you.


👉 Buy 1 get 1 free: only for the original price. You won't get a discount, won't get bonus all dice sites on my bot (more than 25 sites) and many other offers. So...what are your options? Buy 1 get 1 free or get bonus all dice sites on my bot (more than 25 dice sites)?


👉 You have a lifetime license 250$ for all dice sites (over 25 dice sites) on NCT Cryptobot and 40 Premium Lua script, fast profit. License is for only one device, however you can switch devices but old device license will be disabled. 

✅ For example: When you buy a new computer, i will send you a new license for new computer but old license of old computer will be disabled.


❤️ Hi! Thank you for purchasing NCT Cryptobot. Please contact me on Telegram: t.me/NCTCryptobot. I will send latest NCT Cryptobot, NCT Cryptobot Script and a license for you to activate full NCT Cryptobot. I will also support and update latest script every day for you on Telegram.



❤️ I've met a lot of buyers just like you. They do not read carefully, do not think and do not follow all my instructions in "Tutorial". They lost and then they blamed my bot.
   

🎁 Currently I am having SPECIAL OFFER, VERY VERY CHEAP!: www.ncttechnology.net. Please check it and then contact me again If you really want to buy NCT Cryptobot. Email: nctgrape@gmail.com. Telegram: https://t.me/NCTCryptobot. DON'T MISS OUT! BUY NOW BEFORE THEY'RE GONE!


👉 ATTENTION: I have been selling my software(NCT Cryptobot) for more than 4 years now, my software(NCT Cryptobot) is trusted and used by thousands of people. Everyone must purchase my software(NCT Cryptobot) directly on my website: https://www.ncttechnology.net. I never share my software(NCT Cryptobot) for free. The bot that looks like my bot is being shared for free online are all fake, contain viruses. I am being slandered by a group of bad players. They impersonate me, my software(NCT Cryptobot). They forged my software(NCT Cryptobot) information to increase credibility, then they shared the virus-containing bot free of charge to everyone. 

👉 REMEMBER: I NEVER SHARE MY BOT(NCT Cryptobot) FOR FREE. EVERYONE MUST PURCHASE MY BOT(NCT Cryptobot) DIRECTLY ON MY WEBSITE: https://www.ncttechnology.net.

✅ BE A SMART USER. NEVER USE BOTS THAT ARE SHARED FOR FREE ONLINE 👍. ALL OF THEM ARE UNSAFE, CONTAIN VIRUSES.


👉 Tell your customer send your Telegram Username ...... to me, i will know this customer is yours. After your customer has completed the payment. I will send 10% commission to you and your customers will also get bonus days to use NCT Cryptobot.



✳️ Solution to solve this error: 
1. 👉 Minimum balance for all cryptocurrencies: 0.01. 
2. 👉 If your balance is lower than 0.01: You must increase your balance to greater than or equal to 0.01. 
3. 👉 If your balance is higher than or equal to 0.01: You must reduce the bet amount. 
4. 👉 Bet amount calculation formula: Your balance * 0.00000100. For example: You have 1.1 LTC. Bet amount = 1.1 * 0.00000100 = 0.00000110 LTC.

✳️ NOTE: 
1. 👉 Some websites have minimum bet amounts: BCGame, Primedice, Stake... So, if your balance is greater than or equal to 0.01 and you have set up the correct bet amount with the above formula but the bot is still not running, please check the minimum bet amount of the site itself. You must set a bet amount greater than or equal to the minimum bet amount set by that website. At the same time, your bet amount must also follow the formula for calculating the bet amount above.

2. 👉 Recommendation: If your balance is lower than 1 then play sites that have no minimum bet limit. Example: 
🤖 https://betfury.io/?r=5f80b027546f672d2863f941
🤖 https://wolf.bet?c=NCTDicebot
🤖 https://casinoroyale.bet/ref/dmkkd7792
🤖 https://megaplay.io/?c=KAITK5vIxV9c8VfSTBg6
🤖 https://starbets.io/ref=UPzeQOTVS5
🤖 https://luckydiamond.io/r/face001
🤖 https://pasino.com/?user_id=44005
🤖 https://cryptoplay.io/?c=face001-445
🤖 https://bitvest.io?r=102545
🤖 https://paradice.in/?c=usb001
🤖 https://jacksclub.io?r=~face001
🤖 https://sicodice.com/?ref=msi001


👉 To prove you bought my script. You must provide these evidence for me:
	1. 👉 Your email address and old NCT Cryptobot License that I sent you.
	2. 👉 Proof of payment you sent me.


❤️ You have a 10 days license to play all websites and use the following features in NCT Cryptobot: NCT Strategy, Advanced Mode, Programmer Mode, Multi-threading and Free Script Store:
	✅ NCT Strategy: You can run 24/7. The best strategy for "WAGERING", for "MINING" and for upgrade your ACCOUNT LEVEL. YOU CAN MAKE MONEY WHILE YOU SLEEP.
	✅ Advanced Mode: you can run your own settings (like Seuntjie Dicebot).
	✅ Programmer Mode: Support any Lua script (Seuntjie Dicebot script). You can code your own strategy using a Lua script, and then run it on all websites in NCT Cryptobot (over 25 websites) and Seuntjie Dicebot.
	✅ Multi-threading: You can run multiple websites at the same time to maximize profits and minimize risks.
	✅ Free Script Store: Hundreds of free Lua scripts with many different and diverse strategies. You can run them on all websites in NCT Cryptobot.
	✅ Premium Script Store (for Pro lifetime license): Hundreds of premium scripts with many different, diverse strategies. All premium scripts are tested many times to minimize risks and maximize profits. You can run them on all websites in NCT Cryptobot.
☠️ IMPORTANT: This license is for a single device only. The license only works on the device to which you sent me the Serial Number. When you change the device or change CPU, Mainboard you have to buy a new license.


❤️ You have a Pro 1 or 2 lifetime license ($150 or $250) to play all websites and use all the features in NCT Cryptobot: NCT Strategy, Advanced Mode, Programmer Mode, Multi-threading, Free Script Store and Premium Script Store:
	✅ NCT Strategy: You can run 24/7. The best strategy for "WAGERING", for "MINING" and for upgrade your ACCOUNT LEVEL. YOU CAN MAKE MONEY WHILE YOU SLEEP.
	✅ Advanced Mode: you can run your own settings (like Seuntjie Dicebot).
	✅ Programmer Mode: Support any Lua script (Seuntjie Dicebot script). You can code your own strategy using a Lua script, and then run it on all websites in NCT Cryptobot (over 25 websites) and Seuntjie Dicebot.
	✅ Multi-threading: You can run multiple websites at the same time to maximize profits and minimize risks.
	✅ Free Script Store: Hundreds of free Lua scripts with many different and diverse strategies. You can run them on all websites in NCT Cryptobot.
	✅ Premium Script Store: Hundreds of premium scripts with many different and diverse strategies. All premium scripts are tested many times to minimize risks and maximize profits. You can run them on all websites in NCT Cryptobot.
☠️ IMPORTANT: This license is for a single device only. The license only works on the device to which you sent me the Serial Number. When you change the device or change CPU, Mainboard you have to buy a new license.


❤️ You have a Pro 3 lifetime license ($500) to play all websites and use all the features in NCT Cryptobot: NCT Strategy, Advanced Mode, Programmer Mode, Multi-threading, Free Script Store and Premium Script Store:
	✅ NCT Strategy: You can run 24/7. The best strategy for "WAGERING", for "MINING" and for upgrade your ACCOUNT LEVEL. YOU CAN MAKE MONEY WHILE YOU SLEEP.
	✅ Advanced Mode: you can run your own settings (like Seuntjie Dicebot).
	✅ Programmer Mode: Support any Lua script (Seuntjie Dicebot script). You can code your own strategy using a Lua script, and then run it on all websites in NCT Cryptobot (over 25 websites) and Seuntjie Dicebot.
	✅ Multi-threading: You can run multiple websites at the same time to maximize profits and minimize risks.
	✅ Free Script Store: Hundreds of free Lua scripts with many different and diverse strategies. You can run them on all websites in NCT Cryptobot.
	✅ Premium Script Store: Hundreds of premium scripts with many different and diverse strategies. All premium scripts are tested many times to minimize risks and maximize profits. You can run them on all websites in NCT Cryptobot.
☠️ IMPORTANT: This license is for a single device only. The license only works on the device to which you sent me the Serial number. However you can change device or change CPU,Mainboar...After you change device,CPU,Mainboar...you must send Serial Number of new device to me, i will create new license for your new device. All other devices using the old license will be disabled.